---
tags: minutes
---

# Meeting Minutes Carpentry@UiO Board, 2021-08-10 

## Board members present

* all

## Also present 

* Matthew Good MG (DSC)
* Loke Sjølie LS (DSC)

## Agenda

- [x] Quick round around the table, including introducing LS as new employee at the library
- [x] Digital Scholarship Centre (DSC) at UiO: an introduction, followed by a discussion on how we can collaborate with each other - with MG
- [x] Planning the 2021 Board election
- [x] Planning Workshops fall 2021
- [x] Carpentry@UiO social gathering
- [x] Carpentry membership renewal


## Digital Scholarship Centre introduction

- What is the DSC?
- DSCs exist at different locations, with different profiles, services, focus
- Data Management
- Skill development
- Practical Support (design, equipment, data wrangling ...)
- Digital library services
- Backend: collaboration with different parts of the university
- Frontend: Workshops, Consultation, Equipment

### Relationship between DSC and Carpentries? 

- Community building? Learn from the Carpentries?
- How can the library help the Carpentries communicate better?

### Will DSC have its on physical space?

- hopefully, repurpose Café in NHA as a 'datastue'?
- Goal: build it fall semester 2022

### DSC courses as opportunity for teacher training

- Carpentries can contribute instructor training to ensure high quality of teaching.
- Carpentries also know how to evaluate course success
- Vision: Using DSC as a way to develop teaching skills at the university, e.g. collaboration with Link (pedagogical trainnig for university educators)
- Carpentries has 4 "trainer trainers", 2 of them active 
- Before lockdown we had "instructor development" sessions with the study group as teaching exercise with feedback

## Planning for upcoming Board elections

- due to COVID elections were postponed
- revive community, do election in fall
- Election committee?
- Who's seats are up for election?
    - Viviane will give up her seat

- Who should be nominated
    - people who put themselves up but did not get elected last time
    - people who have been on the interim board
    - *{names of possible candidates redacted, see 'versions' on HackMD}*

### Action points

- Annika or Aino contact Elin to get vote count from last year --- CHECK (2021-09-07), see email and minutes from last election (https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/blob/master/meetings/200113_meeting_interim-board.md)
- Reach out to candidates for board
    - Annika will reach out to _{redacted, see HackMD}_, --- CHECK (2021-08-16)
    - Anne will reach out to _{redacted, see HackMD}_
    - Lex will reach out to the rest

## Workshop 

- Annika will teach DC: SSH workshop (in November) with new instructor.
- Timing?
- How many are feasible?
- Caveat: we don't know what the regulations will be, we cannot really plan ahead

## Social Gathering

- Not sure how pandemic restrictions will develop
- End of August? 
- Onboarding?

## Carentries Membership Renewal

- Membership runs out in August
- It's on the budget, will be extended

### Action points

- 2021/2022 membership (Silver) is paid for

## Status of the instructor training spots 

- Need to discuss: what is the purpose of training instructors, do they also need to teach?
- 5 instructors were trained last year
