## Board Meeting, 28.10.22
------------------------------------ 
### Participants: : Matthew Good, Annika Rockenberger, Desiree Treichler, Mohamed Abdelhalim, Sofie Gilbert, Lex Nederbragt, Anne Bergsaker 

#### Agenda: 
1. Welcome Sofie Gilbert to the team 
2. Results from the SWOT questionnaire
3. Instructor training seats for 2022/2023 
4. Workshops 2022/2023 
5. Board meeting agenda
6. Action points from past meetings 
7. GitHub issues
8. Carpentry QA session at the Library 
9. End of year social event 
10. Varia 

#### _Item 1: The SWOT questionnaire_

Analytics: The questionnaire was sent out to the announcements@carpentry.uio.no mailing list. There were 19 responses, with the majority focusing on the number of workshops offered, promotion of workshops, lack of instructors, engagement of new instructors. 
 
* Respondents who are board members: 6
* Respondents who are instructors: 2
* Respondents who have attended 1 – 2 workshops: 10
* None of the above: 1 

Purpose of the SWOT: The questionnaire can be used as a guide in creating a strategic plan for Carpentry@UiO’s future. To create this plan, we will need to hold a meeting dedicated to this soon. 

Board member feedback on the Strategic Plan:
* It would be useful to combine this questionnaire with past workshop evaluations. 
* It would be interesting to see how instructors respond to this, should try to send out the same questionnaire to the organizers@carpentry.uio.no mailing list, to emphasize the need for their response. 

**_ACTION ITEMS_**
* *SOFIE:* Collect past workshop evaluations and summarize major points prior to the meeting dedicated to creating the Strategic Plan.
* *LEX:* Send SWOT questionnaire to instructors via organizers@carpentry.uio.no. 
* *DESIREE:* Set up Strategy meeting as well as goals for the meeting. 
* *EVERYONE:* Strategy planning meeting scheduled; write up a short list of things you are thinking about/ questions you want everyone to think about; where do we see Carpentry in 3-5 years? 

#### _Item 2: Instructor training seats_

People we know of who want to take instructor training:
* *Gisela Attinger*, and *Federico Aurora* work at UB library, Annika can vouch for them. They can fill the gaps in SQL and Unix Shell. 
* *Frederico Bianchini*, Dept. of Bio Sciences, he has already been teaching and is very eager and engaged, Lex can vouch for him. 
* *Nazeefa Fatima*, has done a training with NEIC, but unsure regarding their availability as well as eagerness. 
* *Sofie* is eager to teach and signed up for training in December, can instruct in R. 
* *Luis Cadahia-Lorenzo*, no capacity currently. 
* *Nina Evensen*, no capacity currently. 
* *Bret Lambert*, not engaged enough. 

Other candidates, Annika recalls that one was eager to instruct while other only wanted to help: 
* Ada Koleini, very eager and responsible, Mohamed will get in contact. 
* Silje Robberstad, very eager and responsible, Mohamed will get in contact.
* Erik Vinge? 


**_ACTION ITEMS_**
* *SOFIE:* Take instructor training (signed up for late December) 
* *ANNE:* Lead follow-up meetings for new instructors. 
* *ANNIKA:* Send invite to potential instructors to sign up for training. 

#### _Item 3: Workshops 2022/2023_

Status: Have held 2/5 workshops thus far. Both went well, the Python workshop was filled and held in Domus Juridica, there was good feedback from the instructors regarding the location, and it seems to be relatively easy to book large rooms there on short notice. The Unix Shell workshop received good feedback and attendance. 
Plan for 2023 workshop:
* Send targeted recruiting to instructors who have held workshops together already. 
* Host a meeting with all members similar to the one held in August, so instructors can mingle and plan dates. There is a meeting planned in January where this can be done. 

#### _Item 4: Board meeting agenda/ Action points from past meetings/ GitHub issues_

Problem: Need better organization of action points. 
* Desiree suggests that it would be good to have a place where we can deposit action points, Lex suggested combining this with the GitHub issues agenda point. Perhaps the project management tool in GitHub can be of use? 
* Desiree made an agenda template in the HackMD and used this.
* Anne suggested using projects and boards in GitHub 

The Board Chair (Lex) meet with Annika, Sofie and maybe Matthew in between Board Meetings to keep up to date on many of the issues/ action points taken up during meetings. 

**_ACTION ITEMS_**
* *ANNIKA AND SOFIE:* Take this over 
* *ANNIKA, SOFIE, (MATTHEW?) LEX:* 

#### _Item 5: Carpentry QA_

Problem: How do we promote Carpentries more?
* Lex suggests holding a stand/ QA at DS Days in January, and then thinking about where our target audience is located and potentially hosting similar stands/ general promoting in their buildings, events, etc. 
* Annika suggests targeting Shut up & Write, Coffee and Code, which are held in the UB Library. 
* Action item: Identify other events where we can go with beach flags and promote 
* Idea suggested: Create a “I want to get involved” button/ QR Code that leads to a simple nettskjema with options: 1) Stay informed, 2) Become a helper/ instructor 

**_ACTION ITEMS_**
* *ANNIKA AND SOFIE:* Create the “I want to get involved” button/ QR Code. 
* *SOFIE:* Create a flyer that can be given out at events. 
* *EVERYONE:* Presentation or stand for DS Days. 
 
#### _Item 6: End of the year social event_

* Will be held in DS Oasen December 13th, 12:30-14:00 is best. After board meeting that day, bring your own lunch and cookies will be provided by Board.


#### _Item 7: Varia_
* Saw the need that the majority do not know enough about coding. Desiree says that she thinks it would be useful to have a local person in departments as a carpentry rep./ promoter  Lex instructs to keep this in mind for the Strategic Plan. 


#### Extra item: Note on rooms
* Deilig at NHA hus, turning this into a room that can be used for workshops, lectures, etc., in digital tools/ methods, etc. This room will be shared with SiO. 
* Oasen is also undergoing changes and expanding its capacity.
* Other library rooms will be upgraded soon as well. 

**_Extra action point:_** Create a year-wheel for the board, we need to put down a couple of important days/ deadlines (emphasis on election days) for the board so that we do not forget this, Annika/ Lex suggest potentially setting the board term limits to two years. 
















