# Board Meeting, 13.12.22
------------------------------------ 
## Participants: AR, DT, MA, SG, LN, AB

## Agenda: 

1. SWOT Analysis results/ Discussion on the broader picture/ Future goals
2. Conduct new surveys of participants 
3. Carpentry Connect Oslo, 2024/2025
4. Platinum membership
5. Broaden our instructor training
6. Continued learning through the Study Group
7. Credits for contributing / learning
8. CarpAdmin library round
9. Plan for Board meetings going forward

### _Item 1: The SWOT analysis results/ Discussion on the broader picture_

The results were summarised by board members at the meeting and added to a private Google sheet. The summary distinguishes between responses from instructors, helpers, participants and board members. Based on these responses, the board members came up with solutions as well as answers to baorder pociture questions, listed below. 

**_Broader picture questions_**
1. Where do we want to be in a couple of years? 
    * Expand the Carpentries community outside of UiO reaching a broader audience; reach think tanks and research institutions 
    * More specific focus in courses; focus in on a field 
    * Stop teaching R and Python 
    * We want to host Carpentry Connect Oslo 
    * Become a platinum member
2. What is our main mission?
    * Mission is to fill a bit of a gap, where many researchers feel that they all get the chance to have a basic understanding 

### _Item 2: Conduct new surveys of participants_ 
* We want to start collecting more registration related data in order to create a visualization that we can publish on websites etc., for promotion purposes, and to be able to better serve our participants by recuriting in relevant fields 
* We would like to know A) subject of study and B) institution
* This will require asking for consent (perhaps in the sign-up form via Pindena), the question is whether or not this should be made mandatory, this was left unanswered

### _Item 3: Carpentry Connect Oslo, 2024/2025_ 
* Get Carpentries instructors and trainers in Oslo 
* Will require about a year of preparation, goal of June 2024 with backup being 2025; start planning Spring 2023
* Want to have people involved from other countries 
* Would like to provide instructor training at event, and a focus on career and pedagogical development 

### _Item 4: Platinum membership_ 
* Get more people involved from other Norwegian universities 
    
### _Item 5: Broaden our instructor training_ 
* We want to scout out people that are from similar backgrounds/ fields as our learners. A focus on social science and humanities will be of use going forward as there still exists a broad gap that we can cater to in these fields. There is a coding summer school at ES in 2023, can focus on geospatial data/ maps for SS and Humanities
* Make instructor spots more attractive and prestigious through emphasis on career path, and the level of pedagogical training offered 

### _Item 6: Continued learning through the Study Group_ 
* Annika is setting up study group sessions for the Spring semester, where we will try to get at least one helper or instructor to be present to help with specific tasks
* The group can work through exercises completed in the workshop and/or do show-and-tell style where learners explain how they have used the skills and tools learned and ask questions 
* Will act as a follow-up for learners and give them more ownership in the learning process 
* No way to ensure commitment from instructors/ helpers though 

### _Item 7: Credits for contributing / learning_ 
* Learning: 
    * A certificate of attendance can be provided and learners can take it to their unit to see if it is sufficient or not, but we cannot directly provide course credits 
    * Micro-education credits (2.5) is being discussed at the University currently and may perhaps solve this issue in the future, but learners would have to do more than just participate in a workshop
* Teaching: 
    * Using the backlog (2014) of our old websites (GitHub + AMY Carpentries) we could provide instructors with an overview of their contributions, number of hours, etc
    * AR and SG will come up with a template for this 

### _Item 8: CarpAdmin library round_ 
* CarpAdmin will be doing a round at the different libraries to recruit helpers and instructors from the different libraries 

### _Item 9: Plan for Board meetings going forward_ 
* AR, LN, and SG should meet once a month 
* Re-instate Google Drive in our workflow 
* Schedule every meeting in the beginning of the semester 
* Next board meeting we have to discuss election plans 






