# Board meeting minutes from 23. June 2023
Participants: board members (AR on leave), carpadmin/DSC; minutes: MA/DT


## Item 1: Roles

- carpadmin vs. Board, acknowledgement & clarification of roles
  - carpadmin does many of the tasks specifically assigned to roles on the Board
  - carpadmin has limited capacity
  - carpadmin has information relay function at the Board (not secretaries/outreach/comms)
  - carpadmin administrates Carpentries workshops logistics!
  - Action Point: read up/clarify roles of the Board members: [https://uio-carpentry.github.io/about/charter/](https://uio-carpentry.github.io/about/charter/)

**Notes**
- The board discussed the distribution of roles in the board and emphasised that the role of the carpadmin at the library should be more defined.
- The board discuss the importance of sharing information in the board and between the board and carpadmin at the library is important.
- The board decided to have a meeting every second month, see item 9.
- The board discussed to add a new position at the board, as communication officer. An extra member may also be useful for organising carpetryCon (see item 3).
- The board decided to add an annual schedule of events happing all every year to the GitHub (an "årshjul")


## Item 2: Pre-/post-workshop survey

- set up task group (2-3 people) to create a data collection system of participants of our workshops, incl.:
  - consent form ("research data"), clarifying what we want to collect and how we are going to use it; must be opt-in; different from comms. cConsent

**Notes**
- the board will work with the TASK team to develop a new consent form for sharing information about participants (Anne and Sofie will follow this)


## Item 3: CarpentryConnect

- propose June 2025
  - assign roles/think through: workflow, funding/applications/sponsorships, activities etc.
  - task force?

**Notes**
- The formation ofA call for the task force members will be part ofdone jointly with the next election of the board in fall 2023


## Item 4: Carpentries Membership

- UB to pay for 2023/2024 membership, Silver tier (5 training spots, 2 centrally organised ws)
  - proposal: donate centrally organised ws to other institutions in Norway
  - investigate opting for Titanium membership (only sponsorship, no benefits) with on-demand training spots for the future/exit strategy of library
- already 5 proposed candidates for 2023/24 proposed by carpadmin/DSC, mostly from social sciences/humanities:
  - Luis Eduardo Munoz UiO/Psychology self-nominated 2023/24 R
  - Karl Farrugia UiO/Humanities Annika 2023/24 SQL, Python
  - Elisa Pierfederici UB/DSC Matthew 2023/24 R
  - Anne Sæbø UB/HumSam Annika 2023/24 Zotero, perhaps Python
  - Serena Norlemann Baldari UB/TF/HumSam Annika 2023/24 Unix Shell, Python
- Action Point: nominations from other Board members

**Notes**
- The board decided supports the decision to keep the silver membership
- The number of instructor training candidates to join the board are sufficient. Instructors from natural sciences that could also teach more complex material (HPC, machine learning…) would be useful, currently one potential candidate (maybe for 2024/25). See item 5. and we may add more
- The follow up meeting for new instructors done be Anne (5 member) at the different stages of instructor training
- Invitation will be sent to the board to attend the next follow up meeting for new instructors


## Item 5: Broaden Scope Instructor Training

- see Item 4: criteria met

**Notes**
- The board will work on this point at next meeting


## Item 6: Continued Learning Study Group + Learner's Meetups

- StudyGroup to be continued in fall 2023, community to pick slots for skill sharing/co-working etc.
- Learners' Meetup Proposal:
  - Instructors in charge to set it up, communicate during workshop; perhaps 1-2hrs session, 1-2 weeks after workshop, for participants who want to (re)do exercises, etc.
  - carpadmin can assist by booking DSC Oasen

**Notes**
- Two Study Group sessions were organized in spring 2023, dedicated board member will be assigned to follow up closer in the autumn


## Item 7: Credits for contributing / learning

- Action Point from previous meeting:
  - Using the backlog (2014) of our old websites (GitHub + AMY Carpentries) we could provide instructors with an overview of their contributions, number of hours, etc
  - AR and SG will come up with a template for this --- POSTPONED to fall 2023

**Notes**
- Certificate templet for workshops instructor will be created by the board, but postponed to fall 2023
- The content of previous workshops is deleted from UIO website regularly. but some All Carpentry workshops are still on GitHub, but:
- Workshops not organized by carpentry UIO need to be archived (TASK team will look into that)


## Item 8: CarpAdmin Library Round

- Postponed to fall 2023 due to limited capacity

**Notes**
- Postponed to fall 2023 due to limited capacity, This point will be discussed in the fall meeting


## Item 9: Plan for Board meetings going forward

- Action Points from previous Board meeting:
  - AR, LN (chair), and SG should meet once a month
  - Re-instate Google Drive in our workflow --- ?
  - Schedule every meeting in the beginning of the semester --- TO-DO for this meeting!
  - Next board meeting we have to discuss election plans --- TO-DO for this meeting!

**Notes**
- There board will have be a workshop planning meeting on August 10 with the board and instructors
- Next board meetings planned on 19 Sep. (Sofie sentd the event invitation)
- Lex will set up monthly meetings with Annika and Sofie


## Item 10: discuss election plans

- Election to be held in the beginning of fall (Aug/Sep) 2023
- 2 positions up for election
- call for nominations to be written and sent out!

**Notes**
- How to proceed and potential amendments to the charter will be proposed on board meeting on 24 Aug.
- The two positions that will be in this year election are current chair and communications officer
- the strategic plane will be discussed between the chair of the board and the library
