# Board meeting of 5.4.2024

12:00-13:00 

Attending: FB, DT, NF, MA, LEM; DSC/Library: EP, MG, MLB

Not attending: RS

Minutes: DT

## Introduction and distribution of roles
All board members introduce themselves to each other in an introduction round. Board roles as stated in the [charter](https://uio-carpentry.github.io/about/charter/) are discussed and distributed in mutual agreement. Notes: Chair should be someone from the previous board but is not expected to have a higher workload than other board members, community events officer does not need to organise events alone but will be supported by the library staff. 

Chair: DT
Vice-chair: FB
Secretary: LEM
Communications officer: MA
Community events officer: NF
Elections officer: RS (assigned in absence)

DT gives a summary on how the board works. We can adjust this to the new board's needs. Expected meeting frequency is ca. three per semester.
Tasks:
- EP follows up before/after transition meeting tasks as described in the [onboarding/offboarding checklist](https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/blob/master/board/on-offboarding_board.md#checklist-for-onboarding-incoming-and-offboarding-outgoing-board-members) (adding/removing members to the different resources of the board).
- EP/MLB update the [list of board members](https://uio-carpentry.github.io/about/members/) on our webpage
- ALL board members familiarise themselves with the board's resources on github and in the GoogleDrive

## Instructors in training
EP and one more finishing up their training, currently no immediate need to establish follow-up sessions for the new Communications officer. There are open spots for this year, send suggestions to library staff who keep track. (Note: applicants need to agree to teaching at least two workshops to be eligible to get a spot)

## Carpentries membership 
New membership year starting in June. MG recommends to continue with the current membership level.

## Request from MedFac
DT got an email request in mid-March from the "forskerutdanningsleder" of the Medical Faculty for more/specific R/Python courses at their faculty. There is a need for mostly beginners courses (but advanced courses would also be OK) among PhD students/staff at their faculty. Could we help to establish something for them, maybe togeter with USIT/the library? 
- MA follows up, DT forwards the details

## Next meeting
After a slow start, we aim for two more meetings this semester. Next meeting: 7.5., 11-12.
- EP sends out a meeting invite
- ALL send upcoming discussion/agenda points to the board chair or add them to the [discussion points living document](https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/blob/master/meetings/agenda_points_living_document.md)
