# Board meeting of 07.05.2024

**Chair**: DT  
**Minutes**: LEM  
**Attendees**: FB, NF, RS, MA, DSC/library: EP, MLB

## Approval of Previous Minutes
The minutes from the previous meeting have been unanimously approved. In the future, the minutes will be uploaded to GitHub and an email notification will be sent. Board members have two weeks to edit and approve the minutes.

## Yearly plan (wheel)
A task group, consisting of RS and MLB, is formed to create an editable list for the yearly plan that can track the recurring organisational tasks of Carpentry@UiO/the board.

## Follow-up for Instructors in Training
MA is assigned to follow up with the two instructors in training. EP is to facilitate the interaction by email. 
At least one of the trainees is expected to complete the certification process by the end of June. 

*New candidates:*
There are two additional spots for instructor training, but this needs to be confirmed. EP, RS, and FB have potential candidates. A list of potential candidates is on the google drive.
EP will reach out to MG regarding the timeframe for filling out these two spots and to understand when the new batch of 5 tokens will become available. A new board meeting will be called in if a discussion is required on how to fill remaining spots on short notice. 

*New instructors:* A meeting with new members who recentlty showed engagement for teaching/got in touch is suggested to foster more engagement. These are valuable new helpers/instructors for Carpentry@UiO and potential future candidates for instructor training. EP will schedule such an event and send invites. Some of the candidates might end up using tokens from this new batch depending on their involvement with the community. 

*Google Drive*: EP can edit, but not everyone has access to the google drive. MLB should also get ownership of the Google Drive. EP/MLP will follow up with the previous board members who are owners of the Drive to get this fixed.

## Version Control with GitHub 
The current course is outdated and needs to be updated (not by UiO members). FB or DT could potentially teach the  GitHub course in the autumn semester with support from other co-instructors. One of the candidates for the instructor training showed interest in being a co-instructor.

## Planning for Autumn Semester Courses 
Planning for the autumn semester courses will take place on August 21st. EP/MLB send out an invite.

## End of Spring Semester Social Event
A social event is planned to foster the sense of community among Carpentry@UiO members. The event could potentially be held outdoors or in a booked room at the campus. The event is planned for the first week of June. NF and EP will organize this event.

## Carpentry Conference (CarpentryCon)  
The idea of organizing a Carpentry conference has been raised several times before and could be of interest for the library. This was discussed but ultimately tabled for now due not having enough work capacity in the board nor a good concept/target group to fully meet the demand. We will reconsider in a year. 

## Communication of the Board  
The potential use of Slack or a mailing list for board communication was discussed. The Carpentry Oslo slack channel is for all members in Oslo. Communication for the board only will for now continue via the board's internal mailing list.

## MA's Update on the Medical Faculty's Request
The medical faculty has expressed interest in more R programming courses and MA has been following up. The Carpentry could potentially assist in a guiding role but not provide the tailored course program they wish. They are invited to stay in touch.
   
## **Next Meeting**  
The next meeting is scheduled for the 21st of August. The meeting will start at 11 for the board meeting and continue at 12 for the planning meeting for the semester.

Minutes approved by:
MLB, FB, EP, DT , MA, LEM
