# Board Meeting of 21.08.2024

**Chair**: DT  
**Minutes**: LEM  

## Attendees: FB, NF, RS, DSC/library: EP, MLB, MG

### 1. Code Refinery Workshop

FB Proposed to create ties with the CodeRefinery group and volunteered to help with workshops. 

The workshops include the following topics: 
* how to work with code in research;
* version control;
* writing good code for maintaining data.
  
It is 6 half days in September from 9:00 to 13:00 each day ([link](https://coderefinery.github.io/2024-09-10-workshop/)).

MG mentioned Carpentries at UiO has previously had ties with Code Refinery.

DT Suggested we need 1-2 people to assist. Particularly to help coordinate for logistics (e.g., room, water).

EP Emphasised booking rooms due to high demand.

DT Suggested to temporarily block rooms on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday for the semester. Then to make rooms available 3 weeks before for others.

EP Volunteered to coordinate the call for instructors and the general organisation of the event (see https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/issues/113)

### 2. Python Workshop Modifications

FB reported that there is an initiative from the Carpentries to change substantially the "setup" aspects of the Python curriculum due to Anaconda's change in terms of service. There is a general desire to move to a more open solution, possibly based on the *conda-forge* channel. Options are being discussed, including 
* miniconda (or similar, incl. various flavours of mamba)
* pip (with venv)
* [jupyter-lab Desktop](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab-desktop)
  
While the change will happen centrally, so it will not require immediate action from us, we might need to get in touch with USIT to discuss the availability of software for users who do not have admin rights (https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/issues/114).

### 3. Yearly plan

DT Progress on the [yearly plan](https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/blob/master/board/yearlyplan/List.md) needs updating by each board member for completed tasks. Also, suggested reviewing previous board meetings to ensure task completion.

EP Mentioned that LEM, FB, and NF need to provide their Google account details for drive access (https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/issues/115).

FB Suggested using GitHub issues to assign tasks and volunteered to organize the list.

### 4. New Board Meeting Date

EP sent out an email to schedule the next meeting. 15th October 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM.
This meeting needs, however, to be rescheduled due to an overlap with the Python WS (https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/issues/116). 

Minutes approved by:
FB
