# Board Election Meeting Minutes, 20-02-2025

**Chair**: FB

**Minutes**: 

**Attendees**:

**Excused**: RS

**Absent**:


## 1. Important

* We probably need a strategy to get new instructors. It is my understanding that we have 5 tokens, 2 of which have been used (AVPDL, NDYB). We need to fill out the three spots before June, could we come up with some names? This also links with reaching out to other UiO parties.
  * Also, the [dedicated spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-ZWKY2Q2gTa3kRfcuniMMdaFyp6VrOz913eqCXDUCq8/edit?gid=1094759204#gid=1094759204) was not curated in the latest period. Do we still keep it? I feel taking care of this is part of the role of the communication officer (EP).

## 2. Following up on Action Items (from previous board meeting)

* Discussion: I (FB) feel I do not have enough of an overview of the completion stages of action points (and there is usually quite some time between board meetings).
  * Would it be OK to set up GitHub Issues on action points for monitoring a bit more closely and follow-up? Or shall we consider other solutions for this?
    * How many are favourable to GitHub Issues?
    * How many against?
    * How many are abstaining from voting
    * Note that we can also vote for alternative solutions and see which one of them has the largest number of preferences.  

* Send token to NB
  * Did this happen?
    * If it did happen, did the communication officer (EP) get in touch to verify how comfortable he is with the process?
* EP to draft a collaboration proposal and share it with the board (dScience, IT, etc.).
  * Do we have a draft for this? I think this should get some priority. Do we know if they intend to participate in the [Data Management Week](https://www.ub.uio.no/english/courses-events/events/dsc/2025/data-management-week-2025-.html) in March and how they intend to contribute? 
* Initiatives to use the MatNat mailing list more actively for promotion.
  * Any updates here? 
  * It would be good to be both on:
    * ecr-mn-news@nyhetsbrev.uio.no
    * nyhetsbrev-editor@mn.uio.no
  * Do we have other channels? 
    * There is in principle cbo-all@usit.uio.no (FB is subscribed). This is not a newsletter, it is a mailing list for announcements, which could potentially be used if we decide to have calls for new trainers or similar.
    * Other options?
* Promote "open day" participation for Carpentry@UiO.
  * Any updates here? When is this initiative taking place? (Does anyone have a link for this) 
* Explore collaboration with NMBU, especially in bioinformatics.
  * Comments here? BF feels it would make sense to start from the actual core workshops...

## 3. Discussion points (from DT's living document) 

* Revise the list of active community members on the web pages
  * How to proceed? Email?
* How to handle empty board seats? (I personally feel we can't do much handling at the moment, we need to work on expanding the community in the first place, see also points above on mailing lists and interaction with dScience and USIT - FB)
* Are further changes to the charter needed
  * (I feel this is much related to the point above and a bit useless to discuss now)
* Add data collection consent to course sign-ups
  * discussed already in 2022: we would like to know who is attending our courses, see [221213 board meeting minutes](https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/blob/master/meetings/221213_board_meeting.md)
  * What is the status here? How is this different from what is typically done for DS Days?
  * If we have this information and it looks useful, shall we try to have a meeting with the instructors to discuss it?

 
