# Board Election Meeting Minutes, 20-02-2025

**Chair**: FB

**Minutes**: FB

**Attendees**: FB, EP, MLB, RS, AVPL

**Excused**: MG, LEM

**Absent**: NF

* Organisational:
  * The minutes of the previous meeting were not approved by anyone. This is likely due to the lack of an email stating they were ready for review.
    * Do we bring such a message back? Do it otherwise?
    * AL to implement this from next time    

* Call for new instructors (3 spots left)
  * Any updates? Did anyone apply? Nobody, the format did not work
  * Action: MLB and EP to spread the word on mailing lists (same used for Data Management Week)
  * Did we offer a spot to CK?
    * EP to follow up 

* NMBU
 * R-club: A former colleague of EP asked about Carpentries at NMBU
  * We could have a meeting with them (group of 3-4 people)
  * UiO has 2 central organised WS which could be given to NMBU
   * Idea: 2 distinct WSs, one SC-oriented and the second (independent) more bioinformatics-oriented
   * Actions: AL to create a poll, EP to follow up as well      
 
* EP: What do you think about organising a Carpentry Connect focused on life sciences and applying for this funding from UiO?
    Carpentry Connect: If you're unfamiliar, you can read more about it [here](https://carpentryconnect.org/#:~:text=CarpentryConnects%20are%20community%20convenings%2C%20organised,exchange%2C%20collaboration%2C%20and%20networking).
    Funding Opportunity: UiO is offering event supportâ€”details [here](https://www.uio.no/english/research/strategic-research-areas/life-science/news-and-events/calls/2025/event-support-2025.html).
  * Get in touch with the Oslo Bioinformatics Workshop Week organisers (e.g. LN)
  * Possible deadline 1. December for UiO funding
  * manpower required, also from the organisational side
 
* Collab. with dScience and USIT:
  * [Link to document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SBkhuruIoOAX_1vDArCfsKK76HXoaH5SiScpR41M-rc/edit?tab=t.0)
    * But not many updates since the last time. Do we have a timeline for this?
    * AL to start writing, everybody else to finalise
    * Send as soon as it is ready?
   
  * Unix shell WS is ongoing today.
   * Instructors should be made aware of the preparatory steps (e.g. talking to helpers)
   * Cf. the [checklist](https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/blob/master/workshop_operations/onboarding-checklist.md).
     * This should probably be distributed and explained at general Carpentry@UiO meetings.
        
## Approval by the board:
>[!Important]
>Please approve the minutes by writing your initials here:
**AVPL** **MLB** **EP** **LEM** **FB** **RS**
