# Board Meeting Minutes, 27-05-2025

**Chair**: FB

**Minutes**: FB

**Attendees**: FB, EP, RS, LM, MG, MLB

**Excused**: AV

**Absent**: NF


* Call for new instructors (3 spots left)
  * Did we get a response from CK?
  * There was somebody who responded. How did this progress?
  * No candidates emerged.
    * Position to be possibly filled by library staff.
    * RS to take contact.
    * People can use the token before registering for the actual workshop. 
      
* Collab. with dScience and USIT:
  * [Link to document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SBkhuruIoOAX_1vDArCfsKK76HXoaH5SiScpR41M-rc/edit?tab=t.0)
    * There was some momentum, but things suddenly stopped.
    * There is also a mail *FINAL REMINDER: dScience Support for Researchers at the University of Oslo - apply by May 30th*.
      * Do we want to go through that? Or not? Shall we try to work with the same deadline?
    * Message is finalised and sent
        
* NMBU
  * EP and AV will be at NMBU in early June to discuss and present SC. 
 
* Last workshop for the term ended.
  * Considerations? How was this term? What works fine? Do we have a procedure for assessing these things?
    * All core WS were provided good attendance
    * Try to implement 2-step registration to facilitate waiting list processes

* AOB
  * CodeRefinery phase 4 launching mid-May
    * (to my understanding) in-kind contributions from the partners (incl. UiO, probably), NeIC to cover travel expenses.
    * (so this indicates that this continues, although no PMs are covered).
    * [Possible documentation](https://github.com/coderefinery/reports-and-proposals/tree/main/phase-4-proposal)
 * Social gathering
   * Not successful
   * Idea: organise some WS-like event with a gathering (i.e. food) afterwards
     * Format: discuss together WSs from the incubator.   

## Approval by the board:
>[!Important]
>Please approve the minutes by writing your initials here:
>MLB 
