# Board Meeting Minutes, 27-05-2025

**Chair**: FB

**Minutes**: FB

**Attendees**: FB, EP, RS, AV

**Excused**: MG, NF, MLB

**Absent**:

* CodeRefinery event ([link](https://www.ub.uio.no/english/courses-events/courses/coderefinery/time-and-place/2025-09-9-coderefineryWorkshop.html)).
  * How many registered participants so far?
   * 7 so far
  * Do we have enough helpers? Who are they?
   * To meet USIT first, later today
   * Also, call for extra helpers at the kickoff on Wednesday
   * And mail at organisers@carpentry 
  * EP to meet USIT (i.e. local organiser)
* Planning meeting on Wednesday.
  * Anything we need to prepare for it? Guidance for new instructors/helpers?
   * No guidance on Wednesday, we will do per workshop as it becomes necessary
  * Did we invite dScience? Are they coming?
   * We do not know
* Updates regarding instructors:
  * CHS is nearly certified. She will likely join as a co-instructor and, thus, complete the last step.
    * Question: The token she used, is it from the old or the new batch? Is there any way to find out? In other words, do we have 5 or 4 spots for the 2025/26 period?
  * JC is leaving UiO...
  * One person is also interested in joining
* Updates for collab with NMBU?
 * Discussion with A on Friday. They will pick a day after this meeting.
  * October? Last two weeks
  * Format? Week-long WS? Separated events?
  * Issue: booking rooms
 * Another person at NMBU will also do something Carpentry-related 
* AOB
  * Nobody but MLB approved the minutes of our previous meeting ([link](https://github.com/uio-carpentry/organisational/blob/master/meetings/250527_board_meeting.md?plain=1))
    * Do we intend to continue with this practice or not? 

## Approval by the board:
>[!Important]
>Please approve the minutes by writing your initials here: AVPL
>
