# Board Meeting Minutes, 17-10-2025

**Chair**: FB

**Minutes**: FB

**Attendees**:

**Excused**:

**Absent**:

   *  [Repository for Python WS](https://uio-carpentry.github.io/2025-10-29/) initisalised as a copy of the previous iteration
     * Potentially confusing, as people not involved are listed on the page, and people involved are not
     * Outdated installation setup, as the lesson moved away from Anaconda due to unclear policy for research and excessive pushing of commercial solutions
     * Q: Would it be possible to get rid of the repo and start from scratch? It would be cleaner and safer than starting to commit to the outdated template.
   * NMBU’s first Carpentry workshop
   * Token and new instructors
     * AVP received a token from the new lot
     * I am assuming CHS received one from the old allocation, but let me know if I am wrong
       * In other words, we have 4 tokens left, is that right? 
     * BNW possibility of getting a token for instructor training
       * Q: Did she sign up for co-instructing/helping this term?
   * Regarding following up with new instructors: nobody followed up with AVP before the summer, which resulted in a lost token. We should re-establish the practice of following up with new instructors regularly (like AB was doing at some point)
     * How do we ensure this is happening? 
   * CodeRefinery: report from the all-hands meeting (NeIC); collaboration; restructuring the UiO page into a collaboration page, etc.
   * OsloMet: quick discussion
   * Community building & recruitment: how to promote and attract more instructors
   * Note: nobody is approving our minutes anymore. Is that something we want to stop doing?

## Approval by the board:
> [!Important]
> Please approve the minutes by writing your initials here:
>
