# Agenda points to be addressed in future meetings
Intention: a place to add notes we should not forget to discuss in upcoming meetings. Dynamic document -- where information will be collected for actual agendas for meetings of the board.
All board members (maybe anyone, actually?) can add points to the agenda below. 

- Fill Ã¥rshjul with tasks
- Establish follow-up sessions for instructors in training. Who is currently in training? New candidates for instructor seats?
- Message from Arturo Vera at NMBU, indicating interest in teaching *Version Control with Git*
  - Shall we follow up? AV agreed verbally to get involved and teach twice a year if we decide to give him a token.
  - If we go ahead with this, do we aim at having the WS before or after the summer? FB can be available to teach if nobody else is interested (but we also need helpers to make it happen).
- Organise end-of-semester social event
- Decide on carpetryCon: yes/no? If yes, when?
- How to get more advanced-level carpentry courses? Could these be follow-ups of the basic courses?
  - Somebody (was it Lex on Slack? I am not sure, I cannot find the original message) pointed out to the machine learning courses offered by     USIT (e.g. [this](https://www.uio.no/tjenester/it/kurs/alle/dht/ml-python/events/2024-05-ml-python-intro.html)) and indicated that not       having carpentry workshops on such topics would considerably hinder our visibility and relevance. Any thoughts?
